src/main/java/algo/array/readme.md, before:

## Array

1. `ArrayChunk.java`

   Chunk Array: Given an array and chunk size, divide the array into many subarrays where each subarray is of length size.

2. `Intersect.java`

   Compute two arrays' intersection.

3. `IsSorted.java`

   Test if a given array of numbers is sorted.

4. `Matrix.java`

   Produce a spiral matrix.

5. `Missing.java`

   Missing Number: Take an unsorted array of unique numbers from to n and return the missing number in the sequence.

6. `MovingZeroes.java`

   Given an array nums, write a function to move all 0's to the end of it while maintaining the relative order of the non-zero elements.

7. `PlusOne.java`

   Given a non-empty array of digits representing a non-negative integer, plus one to the integer.

8. `RemoveDuplicates.java`

   Given an array with sorted numbers, remove duplicated numbers in-place.

9. `RotateArray.java`

   Given an array, rotate the array to the right by k steps in-place.

10. `RotateImage.java`

    Rotate an image represented by a n\*n array by 90 degrees (clockwise).

11. `SockMerchant.java`

    Find out how many pairs of socks with matching colors(represented by numbers in an array).

12. `SparseArray.java`

    Compress and decompress a sparse array.

13. `TwoSum.java`

    Return indices of the two numbers whose sum equals to a target.

14. `ValidSudoku.java`

    Determine if a 9x9 Sudoku board is valid.

Commit message:

Add problem and solution to max subarray sum.

src/main/java/algo/array/readme.md, after:

## Array

1. `ArrayChunk.java`

   Chunk Array: Given an array and chunk size, divide the array into many subarrays where each subarray is of length size.

2. `Intersect.java`

   Compute two arrays' intersection.

3. `IsSorted.java`

   Test if a given array of numbers is sorted.

4. `Matrix.java`

   Produce a spiral matrix.

5. `MaxSubArraySum.java`

   Given an integer array nums, find the contiguous subarray which has the largest sum.

6. `Missing.java`

   Missing Number: Take an unsorted array of unique numbers from to n and return the missing number in the sequence.

7. `MovingZeroes.java`

   Given an array nums, write a function to move all 0's to the end of it while maintaining the relative order of the non-zero elements.

8. `PlusOne.java`

   Given a non-empty array of digits representing a non-negative integer, plus one to the integer.

9. `RemoveDuplicates.java`

   Given an array with sorted numbers, remove duplicated numbers in-place.

10. `RotateArray.java`

    Given an array, rotate the array to the right by k steps in-place.

11. `RotateImage.java`

    Rotate an image represented by a n\*n array by 90 degrees (clockwise).

12. `SockMerchant.java`

    Find out how many pairs of socks with matching colors(represented by numbers in an array).

13. `SparseArray.java`

    Compress and decompress a sparse array.

14. `TwoSum.java`

    Return indices of the two numbers whose sum equals to a target.

15. `ValidSudoku.java`

    Determine if a 9x9 Sudoku board is valid.
